#### 5.2 Toolchain

> Binutils is installed first because the configure runs of both GCC and Glibc perform various feature tests on the assembler and linker to determine which software features to enable or disable.

>  This is more important than one might first realize. An incorrectly configured GCC or Glibc can result in a subtly broken toolchain, where the impact of such breakage might not show up until near the end of the build of an entire distribution.

```bash
ld --verbose | grep search
gcc -print-prog-name=ld
```
For example
```bash
gcc -v dummy.c 
```
will show detailed information about the **preprocessor**, **compilation**, and assembly stages, including gcc's included **search paths** and their **order**.

---

After the run of 
```bash
configure
```
check the contents of the **config.make** file in the **glibc-build** directory for all important details.

> For the second pass of GCC, its sources also need to be modified to tell GCC to use the new dynamic linker. Failure to do so will result in the GCC programs themselves having the name of the dynamic linker from the host system's /lib directory embedded into them, which would defeat the goal of getting away from the host. From this point onwards, the core toolchain is self-contained and self-hosted.

#### 5.3 

> Important

- To re-emphasize the build process:
    1. Place all the sources and patches in a directory that will be accessible from the chroot environment such as /mnt/lfs/sources/. **Do not put sources in /mnt/lfs/tools/.**
    2. Change to the sources directory.
    3. For each package:
        1. Using the tar program, extract the package to be built. In Chapter 5, **ensure you are the lfs user when extracting the package.**
        2. Change to the directory created when the package was extracted.
        3. Follow the book's instructions for building the package.
        4. Change back to the sources directory.
        5. Delete the extracted source directory unless instructed otherwise.

#### 5.4 Binutils

In order for the SBU values listed in the rest of the book to be of any use, measure the time it takes to build this package from the configuration, up to and including the first install. To achieve this easily, wrap the commands in a time command like this: 
```bash
time { ./configure ... && ... && make install; }
```

> Where to take sources? [chapter 3.1](http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/lfs/view/stable/chapter03/introduction.html)
```bash
wget --input-file=wget-list --continue --directory-prefix=$LFS/sources
oppure
sudo wget --input-file=http://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/binutils/binutils-2.34.tar.xz --continue --directory-prefix=/lfs/sources
```
wget continue to download in loop, idk why.

> the file ./configure of binutils-2.34 contains only 16087 sh rows

> bash and sh are two different shells. Basically bash is sh, with more features and better syntax

> **you should realize /bin/sh on most systems will be a symbolic link and will not invoke sh, but bash, dash, or others**
```bash
sudo find / -type l
sudo find -type l | grep /bin/sh

file usr/bin/sh
sh: symbolic link to bash

hexdump -C sh
00000000  7f 45 4c 46 02 01 01 00  00 00 00 00 00 00 00 00  |.ELF............|
```
To load all the env variables written inside
```bash
[lfs@archlinux ~]$ source ./.bashrc
```

> binutils contains config.guess

### SO

**conf.sh should be putted in /lfs/build**

#### Full command

On the LFS page it is written "/tools" but in chapter 4.2 they used a symlink (ln -sv $LFS/tools /) that I didn't use (I'm gonna regret this later, maybe).
```bash
#!/bin/sh
LFS_TGT=x86_64-lfs-linux-gnu
LFS=/lfs	
time { ../sources/binutils-2.34/configure			\
				--prefix=/lfs/tools 		\
				--with-sysroot=$LFS		\
				--with-lib-path=/lfs/tools/lib 	\
				--target=$LFS_TGT          	\
				--disable-nls              	\
				--disable-werror		\
 && make -j2 && make install; }
```











#### General Problems
> "Sometimes some end-of-line # ... comments embedded within a define ... endef multi-line variable definition generate a problem. Removing the comments made the problem go away."



